Regex-tutorial.md, before:

# Explaining the RegEx Basics

The purpose of this gist is to explain the different components of a Regular Expresson (Regex) and their basic uses.  There are, of course, exceptions, special cases and more elaborate uses and syntax but for the porposes of this assignment, a high-level overview is what will be discussed.  

Regex is typically used for identifying/extracting information, specifically characters or character groups located in specific code.  It is also  used for validation purposes.  For example, ensureing a user supplies an email address and not a random string.

## Summary

# Matching an email

The following Regex will be used in (most) examples of this gist along with some additional info about the given Regex components.  It is an example of how we can validate an email format.

`/^([a-z0-9_\.-]+)@([\d0-9\.-]+)\.([a-z\.]{2,6})$/`


## Table of Contents

- [Anchors](#anchors)
- [Quantifiers](#quantifiers)
- [OR Operator](#or-operator)
- [Character Classes](#character-classes)
- [Flags](#flags)
- [Grouping and Capturing](#grouping-and-capturing)
- [Bracket Expressions](#bracket-expressions)
- [Greedy and Lazy Match](#greedy-and-lazy-match)
- [Boundaries](#boundaries)
- [Back-references](#back-references)
- [Look-ahead and Look-behind](#look-ahead-and-look-behind)

## Regex Components

### Anchors

### Quantifiers

### OR Operator

### Character Classes

### Flags

### Grouping and Capturing

### Bracket Expressions

### Greedy and Lazy Match

### Boundaries

### Back-references

### Look-ahead and Look-behind

## Author

A short section about the author with a link to the author's GitHub profile (replace with your information and a link to your profile)

Commit message:

added Summary and anchors.
Trying to see how editing in github behaves.

Regex-tutorial.md, after:

# Explaining the RegEx Basics

The purpose of this gist is to explain the different components of a Regular Expresson (Regex) and their basic uses.  There are, of course, exceptions, special cases and more elaborate uses and syntax but for the porposes of this assignment, a high-level overview is what will be discussed.  

Regex is typically used for identifying/extracting information, specifically characters or character groups located in specific code.  It is also  used for validation purposes.  For example, ensureing a user supplies an email address and not a random string.

## Summary

# Matching an email

The following Regex will be used in (most) examples of this gist along with some additional info about the given Regex components.  It is an example of how we can validate an email format.

`/^([a-z0-9_\.-]+)@([\d0-9\.-]+)\.([a-z\.]{2,6})$/`


## Table of Contents

- [Anchors](#anchors)
- [Quantifiers](#quantifiers)
- [OR Operator](#or-operator)
- [Character Classes](#character-classes)
- [Flags](#flags)
- [Grouping and Capturing](#grouping-and-capturing)
- [Bracket Expressions](#bracket-expressions)
- [Greedy and Lazy Match](#greedy-and-lazy-match)
- [Boundaries](#boundaries)
- [Back-references](#back-references)
- [Look-ahead and Look-behind](#look-ahead-and-look-behind)

## Regex Components
<br>
### Anchors
 In the email match example above the anchors are the `^` and the `$`.  What this means is that it is looking for something that starts with `^([a-z0-9_\.-]+)` and ends with `.([a-z\.]{2,6})$.`  What the actual parameters we are looking for in these expressions will be explained further in this gist.
 <br><br>
### Quantifiers

### OR Operator

### Character Classes

### Flags

### Grouping and Capturing

### Bracket Expressions

### Greedy and Lazy Match

### Boundaries

### Back-references

### Look-ahead and Look-behind

## Author

A short section about the author with a link to the author's GitHub profile (replace with your information and a link to your profile)
